Landing Page Edits

Menu bar options: BUY   -   SELL   -   RENT   -   WORK   -   FINANCE
Make the logo bigger so you can see what it is. This is important for brand recognition.
Remove About and put it on the footer menu
Remove phone number
Make login/sign up a different color button
Change the words “Buy used equipment effortlessly” to “El Mercado Oficial de las Maquinarias” in english “The official marketplace for machinery”
Browse by category
All images must be line drawings like so. 

Remove Bucket trucks
Remove service trucks
Add Tractors
Add Compactors
Add compact equipment
Add Harvesters
Add generators
Add attachments
Add See all
Rent button. When clicked, all vehicles for rent will be shown but at the top of the search bar there will be a button that says list your equipment for rent.

It would say rent equipment (I took the example from the buy equipment tab). 
When creating a listing for rent it can be the same as the sell. The only difference would be adding a question that says machine available or working. If working they have to list until when.
BUY page
Add a button where people can fill out the form with the specifics they need. This will alert people who own equipment with that specification. 
WORK TAB
Drop down that contains: Operadores (Operators) and Postea un trabajo (Post a job)
Operators page is same format as the buy equipment page. It will display all the operators and what machines they drive. Also if they are pro or elite. On top of the search bar put the button “List your services here”
Post a job page is same format as operators. All jobs will be displayed and the button on top will say “post a job”
On lightning deals section add the feature where the price is crossed out and the new price shows with the discount. 
Shop by price section:
Remove the number of listings
USED & NEW EQUIPMENT FROM TOP MANUFACTURERS
Add all logos
Add brands: 
Yanmar
Farmtrac
JLG
Valtra
Solis
Massey Fergusson
Landini
New Holland
Ls Tractor
Kalmar
Zoomlion
Clark
Cummins
Hyster
Stihl
Change the tried, tested and trusted section to an offer for inspection. Inspections tiers will be provided.
Add space for banners on the side for shop by price section
Add space for banner on side of Used & new equipment from top…..
Horizontal banner over Buy with confidence
Horizontal banner over browse by application
Possible to make people get notifications on phone???
Change priced to sell title to available for rent. Here available equipment for rent will be shown.
CHANGE LOCATIONS:
Put lightning deals under browse by category
Add a section called outstanding operators. List here 3 operators.
Create a memberships page where they are all listed by their group. When you click on the group, example operators, it will collapse and show all the memberships.
CREATE ACCOUNT:
Text should say “Join maquinaria RD to buy, sell or rent equipment and operators. 
Need Username, Full name or business, number, whatsapp, email
On form have drop down or button to select or I AM Buyer, seller, renter or operator, and people posting a job
SIGN IN: Require username and password.





